Democrats see political opportunity in Trump's decision to abandon Paris climate deal Trump's Paris rejection a defeat for deal's White House backers Pinkerton: The Plutocrats vs. the People: Trump's Climate Decision Exposes the Latest Battle in the Class War Fact-checking Donald Trump's statement withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement Public Opinion and Trump's Decision on the Paris Agreement Trump Will Withdraw US From Paris Climate Agreement What if Donald Trump doesn't matter? Patriot games: The murky world of Russian hacking Megyn Kelly saw an aggressive, peeved Vladimir Putin. That behavior could hurt him. Vladimir Putin Tells Megyn Kelly: US Hackers Could Have Framed Russia Maybe Private Russian Hackers Meddled in Election, Putin Says 'Saying it's Russians' fault like blaming everything on Jews' – Putin's best quotes at SPIEF Putin May Want to Pick a Male Interviewer Next Time Trump Appears Unlikely to Hinder Comey's Testimony About Russia Inquiry Report: Trump's Continued Search For New FBI Chief Seen As Chaotic Comey may find himself boxed in ... by himself Source: Comey to testify publicly about Trump confrontations Trump Returns from Abroad to Face High-Profile Investigations James Comey is jumping into the fire by testifying to Congress about Trump. What's in it for him? Ex-Penn State officials get jail time for failing to report Jerry Sandusky crimes Special counsel's Trump investigation includes Manafort case Former Penn State President Gets Jail Time in Child Molestation Scandal Ex-Penn State President Spanier, 2 others, sentenced in Sandusky sex abuse case Three former Penn State administrators sentenced to jail time for role in Jerry Sandusky case 'Failure as leaders:' Penn State administrators headed to jail for Sandusky scandal The Latest: GOP fundraising off Griffin photo controversy Kathy Griffin and Hillary Clinton: Wonder Women? A tearful but resilient Kathy Griffin vows to tackle President Trump head-on Was Kathy Griffin Shot and Killed Trying to Escape Custody? EXCLUSIVE: Jim Carrey on Kathy Griffin Controversy: Comedians Are 'Last Line of Defense' Against Trump Roberts: Quit whining, Kathy Griffin Kathy Griffin Mattis: North Korea a 'clear and present danger' to world Mattis dials up US pressure on China over North Korea, South China Sea UN Security Council Unanimously Broadens Sanctions On North Korea North Korea Nuclear EMP Attack: An Existential Threat Newt Gingrich: The North Korean EMP threat Chiefs release WR Maclin after two seasons Jason Vargas shuts out Indians Android Circuit: New Pixel 2 Leaks, Killer Galaxy Note 8 Specs, Microsoft's Android Desire Vivo wants you to know its name so much it's sponsoring the World Cup Gay Lawmaker, Leo Varadkar, Is in Line to Be Ireland's Prime Minister Leo Varadkar: Ireland set to have first gay PM Ireland's likely next PM would be first gay, minority leader He's out, and he's inIreland looks set for a young, gay prime minister Campaign for Leo: The inside story of how Varadkar beat Simon Coveney Fine Gael leadership contest a PR masterstroke for do-nothing Dáil After 37 Die in Attack at Manila Resort, Questions Mount Philippine police seek casino attacker's identity Casino Robbery Ends With Dozens Dead at Resort in Philippines It's still Hillary Clinton's fault she lost the 2016 election Hillary not the only Dem who doesn't get 2016 Hillary Clinton, smash your rearview mirror RT America -- June 2, 2017 Hillary Clinton's got some good advice for the resistance Election 2017: Five key things about the Question Time special Will UK Prime Minister May's election gamble backfire? Theresa May won't get a landslide. Beyond that, the British election is hard to predict. General election: May falters during challenge over record on public services UK Election: Jeremy Corbyn attacked over 'chilling' refusal to consider nukes Does Donald Trump Still Think Climate Change Is a Hoax? No One Can Say The press secretary with no answers Trump's EPA Chief Rebukes Critics As 'Climate Exaggerators' After Quitting Paris Accord Scott Pruitt used Bret Stephens' New York Times climate op-ed to justify withdrawing from the Paris Agreement GOP senators offer downbeat predictions on Obamacare repeal Why are Republicans getting so little done? Because their agenda is deeply unpopular. GOP senator: Healthcare deal unlikely this year Donald J. Trump on Twitter: "The U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes, immediately, and get Healthcare and TAX ... Democrats' Bid to Regain Hold on House Begins in California Impeach Donald Trump? Calm down, Democrats. GOP strategists plot anti-media strategy for 2018 elections The Supreme Court's Options in the Travel Ban Case Trump Asks Supreme Court To Reinstate Travel Ban On 6 Majority-Muslim Nations Fate of Trump travel ban hinges on emergency Supreme Court request Trump admin appeals travel ban case to Supreme Court After a ruling on Trump's travel ban, all eyes are on the 4th Circuit Evergreen State, caught up in racial turmoil, remains closed Friday after threat of violence Defund the Evergreen State College When the left turns on its own The Campus Mob Came for Me—and You, Professor, Could Be Next - WSJ - Wall Street Journal Evergreen State College closes after caller claims to be armed, en route to campus 911 call that shut down Evergreen State College in Olympia was angry, specific College melts down over plan for white people-free day on campus US Unemployment at 16-Year Low, but Economy's Weak Spots Remain US job growth slows; unemployment rate drops to 4.3 percent Job growth was lousy in May. How much should you worry? Employment Situation Summary - Bureau of Labor Statistics Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages Wal-Mart employees will now deliver your online orders on their way home from work Walmart Just Revealed These Crazy Futuristic Things It's Testing to Pummel Amazon Wal-mart Stores, Inc. - WMT - Stock Price Today - Zacks FACT CHECK: Is President Trump Correct That Coal Mines Are Opening? Fact-Checking Trump: Coal Mines Open, Prospects Bleak Trump's right: A coal mine is opening soon. It will create 70 jobs Google could be slapped with a $9bn fine by the EU over its shopping service Apple CEO Tim Cook AP Apple Loop: New iPhone 8 Screen Leaks, Secrets Of The Siri Speaker, MacBook Pro Update Risks Anger Apple's WWDC Announcements: What are the chances? Apple Is Manufacturing a Siri Speaker to Outdo Google and Amazon Apple's 'Siri speaker' reportedly enters manufacturing as announcement nears Is Andy Rubin's Essential Phone Really That Essential? Essential PH-1 vs. Galaxy S8: Sleek Flagships Face Off Andy Rubin's Essential phone is trying to revive an idea many smartphone makers have failed to pull off The Day after the Essential 'Phone' Unveiling we take a Peek at their Patents and a Possible Future Project The Galaxy Note 8 might launch sooner than we thought Samsung Packs The Galaxy S8 'Pirates Of The Caribbean' Edition Into A Booty Box, Sets Price At $880 How Different Will Galaxy Note 8 Be From Note 7 [Analysis] Galaxy S8's Bixby Finally Gets Voice-Activated Payments Nintendo Is Creating More Questions Than Answers About Switch Online And Virtual Console [Update] Switch's Netflix-Like Classic Game Service Is A Rare Example Of Nintendo Listening Nintendo's $20-per-year online Switch subscription will include old-school games What are your most/least appealing Switch features? (Xbox Live Rewards Survey) - NeoGAF Online Play on Nintendo Switch Waymo brings autonomous expertise to big rigs Waymo Is Working On Self-Driving Trucks Waymo will test its technology to develop self-driving trucks Tekken 7 Tips You Need to Know Before Starting Tekken 7 Review Review: Tekken 7 Tekken 7 PC Performance Review Hear the 2018 Dodge Challenger SRT Demon Under Full Throttle Wonder Woman – Lives Up to Its Hype 'Wonder Woman' Flogs 'Fifty Shades' Opening Record For Female Director With $95M+ Hot Toys' New Wonder Woman Figure Brings The Warrior To Life Small details in Wonder Woman that only true fans noticed If Wonder Woman can't win, how can the rest of us? Chris Cornell Autopsy Report: 'Drugs Did Not Contribute' to Death Toxicology results shed more light on Chris Cornell's death Chris Cornell Toxicology Report Reveals Several Prescription Drugs in the Rocker's System Chris Cornell Toxicology Report Rx Drugs in System Chris Cornell's Widow Sends Emotional Message After Toxicology Report: 'He Wasn't Himself During His Final Hours' 10000 people falsely claim to have been at Manchester attack to get free Ariana Grande tickets, sales outlet says Ariana Grande Visits Manchester Victims in Hospital Shortly Before Benefit Concert Millions Expected to Tune In for Manchester Tribute Concert ABC, Freeform to air Ariana Grande's Manchester benefit concert for US audiences Watch Live: Ariana Grande Plays One Love Manchester Benefit Concert 2017 Manchester Arena bombing T.J. Miller Breaks Silence on Leaving 'Silicon Valley' Chiefs release wide receiver Jeremy Maclin in surprise move Chiefs taking leap of faith at receiver after releasing Jeremy Maclin Chiefs release wide receiver Jeremy Maclin Chiefs Release WR Jeremy Maclin Jeremy Maclin Cavs focus on improving physicality for Game 2 Cavs' Game Plan Out of Sync and Out of Style Against Modern-Age Warriors Mike Brown, 11-0 coaching the Warriors in NBA playoffs, has ailing Steve Kerr's back Golden State Warriors Basketball News, Schedule, Roster, Stats - SB Nation The Cavaliers and Warriors both expect a more physical Game 2 Despite eventful offseason, Seahawks QB Russell Wilson's message stays on point Carroll says Kaepernick a starter, just not with Seahawks Colin Kaepernick Is Better Than These Five Starting NFL Quarterbacks Kansas' non-conference schedule for 2017-18 is a disappointing step down from recent years Large ice sheet 'very close' to breaking away from Antarctica A giant crack in Antarctic ice is 'days or weeks' from breaking off a Delaware-size iceberg Antarctic ice crack takes major turn Project MIDAS | Larsen C takes another step towards calving Collapse of Enormous Antarctic Ice Shelf Imminent The G&amp;T effect: Antarctica is melting differently than the Arctic Ancient Martian lake could have been layer cake of life Curiosity rover finds its crater was habitable for 700 million years If you're hoping humans find evidence of life on Mars, scientists have some very good news Redox stratification of an ancient lake in Gale crater, Mars | Science An ancient Martian lake could have been teeming with lots of kinds of life Did a Starry 'Mosh Pit' Spawn LIGO's Gravitational Waves? (Kavli Roundtable) LIGO's 3rd gravitational wave detection LIGO's latest: Space ripples may untangle black hole tango Phys. Rev. Lett. 118, 221101 (2017) - GW170104: Observation of a 50-Solar-Mass Binary Black Hole Coalescence at ... Scientists measure black hole's tilt, spin for clues to how massive stars die Wake up early for a sky light show thanks to a rocket launch from NASA Wallops East Coasters -- wake up early for a light show in the sky thanks to NASA NASA set to create giant artificial clouds tomorrow Rare total solar eclipse visible from Georgia! Total Solar Eclipse Will Make A Partial Appearance In Michigan, Some Residents Plan To Travel Scientists to take the longest-ever video of a solar eclipse Man dies after swimming with new tattoo Man Dies After His Tattoo Gets Infected with Ocean Bacteria He got a tattoo, then went for a swim. Now he's dead from a flesh-eating bacteria. Flesh-eating bug kills man after ocean swim too soon after tattoo A Botched Vaccine Campaign For Measles Killed 15 Children in South Sudan Unsafe delivery of measles vaccine kills 15 children in South Sudan Mishandled Measles Vaccine Kills 15 Children in South Sudan Statement regarding findings of joint investigation of 15 deaths of children in Nachodokopele village, Kapoeta East ... Botched anti-measles campaign kills 15 children in South Sudan Are Pharmaceutical Companies to Blame for the Opioid Epidemic? US state, local government lawsuits over opioids face uphill battle DeWine: Drugmakers' Targeting Lead to Ohio's Opioid Problems Report: 14 poisoned by 'death cap' mushrooms in California Wild 'Death Cap' Mushrooms Poison 14 People in Northern California Mattis: North Korea a 'clear and present danger' to world South Korean court denies arrest request for daughter of key corruption case suspect The Weather Channel Weather Underground AccuWeather Overland Park No Longer Accepting Electronics at Drop Off Site ... Overland Park homeowners angry after street treatment goes horribly wrong Thief jumps hotel front desk in Overland Park (video) The world is sitting on a $400 trillion financial time bomb A simple way the rest of the world could punish Trump for quitting the... For luxury brands, selling clothes is basically a marketing expense Conservative Twitter is blaming the “deep state” for the lackluster US... Psychologists say your drunk personality has a lot in common with your... What signal is Melania sending? Why the Conversation About Cultural Appropriation Needs to Go Further Deep heat may have spawned one of the world's deadliest tsunamis Thousands dropped from food stamps due to work requirements How to Get The Best Ending in Fallout 4 1 day, 2 presidents: Merkel meets with Obama, then Trump 73 Questions with Jet Packinski | Vogue Parody Fox News Is Going to Absurd Lengths to Avoid Trump's Scandals—and Paying Dearly for It The Weight Loss Trap: Why Your Diet Isn't Working With Help From Veteran CBs, Brown Went From Rookie To Vet “Overnight”